README:
-------
Overall whine:
--------------
  (/me just loves the sound of his own voice)

  Quite a usefull lil app in my honest opinion.

  Why?

  Well, most ppl probably prefer decoding, wav editing, reencoding, but
that has consequences.
  Encoders use advanced filtering to create audio data thats easy to
compress so that ppl can hardly tell the difference (depending on BR
offcourse) and then they compress that filtered audiodata. Now filtering
once from original full range unfiltered audio will provide the nicest
result. Every subsequent filtering will result in more loss of data, cos
the only real difference between encoders is the filterbanks.
  And offcourse, u dont have to waste precious cycles on the whole lengthy
process.
  Yes indeed, with wavediting programs u can edit right up to the
millisecond, or even better. But to be honest, an mpeg 1 layer 3
file at 44.1khz has 38.28125 frames per second, which means u can cut right
down to 26.12244898 ms.
  So when this app is up and running theres no more reason to waste a
perfectly good rip cos of a few bad starting frames or a long lead out.
At this point i even believe it should be possible to provide for fading
in/out, i aint certain yet actually :)
 I have no clue whatsoever on why Olli fromme halted development back in '97.
Maybe cos mp3s were a rarity back then? Maybe some personal reason. I will
prolly never know. What I do know is that he had an unbelievable idea and he
wrote a program that did the job very well.

Usage:
------

 Ok, for starters, get urself mpg123... U can use -k/n to choose which frames to play.
This helps u pinpoint which frames u can actually discard. Then feed those boundaries
into mp3asm and it will do it for u.
 If u, for example want 500 frames, u will probably get 501 frames, cos mp3asm often adds
an empty frame (only when needed) to the start of the stream in order to decently format
the stream. This is a valid practice which all encoders do, i often see rips which have
80+ empty frames. I believe this is done for id3v2, which has all the id3 frames burried
inside the wasted space of a stream. Please be carefull with -v & -l, with
verbosity >= 10 mp3asm generates huge logfiles.
 Do not worry about overwriting of files, mp3asm doesn't, but do keep track of ur
available hd space.
 Most of the time this program should be used to remove ticks/blips or to
remove lead in/outs that r annoying. Sometimes u get these bad rips with
the mistery track followin after 5 mins of silence... that sort of stuff.

State of the program:
---------------------

 It works on almost every file u feed it, except for files with a bad backref,
this still needs to be properly implemented.
 Can work with id3v1 tags, merges streams, properly removes empty frames from
the stream.
 Very hard and daunting to use due to the restricting textmode interface. Therefor
most of the todo list is for the gtk version.

Installation:
-------------

 Plain ./configure, make & make install should do the trick. This program has only been
tested on standard x86 linux, so be warned. Any hints on making it more portable will always
be very welcome. There should not be feared for input files. Mp3asm dusnt overwrite old files.
In this preliminary version that could be quite a hazard for ur original files. 

Enjoy ur mp3s!
